docs(k8s): updated version information (#1233)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy.mdx

| 1.21               | April 8, 2021    | June 2022            | April 30, 2021               | April 2023       | June 15, 2023     |
| 1.22               | August 4, 2021   | October 2022         | August 11, 2021              | August 2023      | October 15, 2023  |
| 1.23               | December 8, 2021 | February 2023        | December 9, 2021             | December 2023    | February 15, 2024 |
| 1.24               | April 2022       | July 2023            | April 2022                   | April 2024       | May 15, 2024      |

> | 1.25               | August 2022      | October 2023         | February 1, 2023             | February 2025    | March 15, 2025    |

Reviewer: release date moved to February 6

> | 1.26               | December 2022    | February 2024        | February 1, 2023             | February 2025    | March 15, 2025    |

Reviewer: release date moved from February 1 to February 6

## Version information
For a complete changelog update, refer to the official [Kubernetes changelog](https://kubernetes.io/releases/).

The following documentation lists only the main feature changes for each version and provides a link to the version release announcement on Kubernetes' official blog.

### 1.26

> * Official [release announcement|https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/12/09/kubernetes-v1-26-release/]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Official [release announcement](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/12/09/kubernetes-v1-26-release/)
```

> *Main changes:*

Author: ```suggestion
**Main changes:**
```

* Eleven features graduated to GA
* Twelve features deprecated or removed

### 1.25

>  * Official [release announcement|https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/08/23/kubernetes-v1-25-release/]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Official [release announcement](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/08/23/kubernetes-v1-25-release/)
```

 *Main changes:*

>  * Thirteen enhancements graduated to GA (see announcement for full list)

Reviewer 2: link to announcement?

* Exec Probe Timeout Handling

### 1.19
Official [release announcement](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/08/26/kubernetes-release-1.19-accentuate-the-paw-sitive/)

> ## Supported Container Runtime Interfaces (CRI)

Reviewer: Similar to this section, we do need another ## section below this one, named Supported Container Network Interfaces (CNI)

> ### Kubernetes v1.26

Reviewer: this ### section is not needed

> Starting from Kubernetes version 1.26 launch:

Reviewer: 1.25

> * Kubernetes Kapsule only supports **cilium** and **calico** as CNI.

Reviewer: This whole part refers to the CNI, not the CRI.
Lines 111 to 122 need to move under 
## Supported Container Network Interfaces (CNI)

* Kubernetes Kosmos only supports **kilo** as CNI.

> | Interface | Deprecation |  Obsolete  |

Reviewer: - We can remove the Deprecation column, as we make Flannel & Weave become obsolete straight from 1.25.
- Let's put 1.25 in the obsolete column.

|-----------|-------------|------------|
| Flannel   | from v1.25  | from v1.26 |
| Weave     | from v1.25  | from v1.26 |

* Migration policy:
  * Control Planes can not be upgraded on obsolete CNIs.
  * *Recommended action:* Create new clusters using a supported CNI, either via API or from the Scaleway console.

> ### Kubernetes v1.25

Reviewer: this ### is not needed

Starting from Kubernetes version 1.25 launch, **containerd** is the only runtime supported by Scaleway Kubernetes products.

| Runtime | Deprecation | Obsolete    |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
| Docker  | from v1.23  | from v1.24  |

> | Cri-o   | from v1.24  | from v.1.25 |

Reviewer: typo "from v.1.25" => from v1.25

* Exec Probe Timeout Handling

### 1.19
Official [release announcement](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/08/26/kubernetes-release-1.19-accentuate-the-paw-sitive/)

## Supported Container Network Interfaces (CNI)

Starting from Kubernetes version 1.25 launch:
* Kubernetes Kapsule only supports **cilium** and **calico** as CNI.
* Kubernetes Kosmos only supports **kilo** as CNI.

| Interface |   Obsolete  |
|-----------|-------------|
| Flannel   |  from v1.25 |
| Weave     |  from v1.25 |

* Migration policy:

>   * Control Planes can not be upgraded on obsolete CNIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Control Planes cannot be upgraded on obsolete CNIs.
```

  * *Recommended action:* Create new clusters using a supported CNI, either via API or from the Scaleway console.

## Supported Container Runtime Interfaces (CRI)

Starting from Kubernetes version 1.25 launch, **containerd** is the only runtime supported by Scaleway Kubernetes products.

| Runtime | Deprecation | Obsolete    |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
| Docker  | from v1.23  | from v1.24  |
| Cri-o   | from v1.24  | from v1.25 |

* Migration policies:

>   * Pools using deprecated CRIs can not scale up.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Pools using deprecated CRIs cannot scale up.
```

>   * Control Planes can not be upgraded if CRI used by any pool is obsolete.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Control Planes cannot be upgraded if CRI used by any pool is obsolete.
```
